Ladies, its time to bare your clavicles. With this seasons love of all things off-shoulderfrom clingy knit dresses to peasant blouses
 revisits the sexy silhouette popularised by Brigitte Bardot in the late 50s. The French actor paired her off-shoulder blouses with everything from midi skirts to cropped trousers for an unapologetically seductive look. A bare dcolletage may seem like the perfect canvas for your favourite statement necklace, but suppress the urge. Keep jewellery to a minimum (try some stud earrings or a delicate gold chain) and let your toned collarbone steal the spotlight. Take cues from these womens styling choices to master the shoulder parade.
With Lakm Fashion Week comes five days of pure style. Whether its what is exhibited on the runway or on those who attend the shows, attention to sartorial details reaches a high level. Sometimes its an accessory that catches the eye of the photographer, an interesting styling trick that elevates a basic dress and other times, its the complete effort gone in the making of a look. Here is our gallery of some of the most well-styled people from Lakm Fashion Week.
Flared jeans are one of those love-or-hate trends that you either never really gave up on or have an acute aversion to. Though bell-bottoms were the pants of choice for American sailors in the early 19th century, they became a mainstream rage only in the 60s and 70s, followed by brief comebacks in 1996 and 2006.
But lets be honest. With the retro revival in full swing these days, this is not a style you want to resign to the back of your closet. While they may have been a staple in the erstwhile flower childs wardrobe (one with a strictly bohemian sartorial sensibility), millennial fashionistas have discovered more than just that one way to style it.
 brings you inspiration from our go-to celebrities who have a flair for flare.
Movies and television centred aroundmusic are no rarity, but entire characters that come alive from tales of big recordmoguls are a whole different deal. We are talking about the hit series
, of course, and specifically, the endearingly nefarious Cookie Lyon, played by Taraji P Henson.
We take Cookies tough-love attitude and the rebirth of 80s fashion for a stunning telling of the fashion of thattime. High braids, animal prints, faux fur, leather and gold accents add to her larger-than-life persona. If youre lucky enough to be somewhere where winter is still making its exit, layer up againstthe cool evening winds in a faux fur bomber. A light vintage cover-up is perfect for spring days; while if youre in the middle of summer heat already, a jersey top with breezy cutout details on the side are perfect to bring down the temperature without compromising on your coolcred.
The streets aint made for everybody, thats why they made sidewalks, says Lyon. Hear hear.
What better place to show off your sartorial prowess than at fashion week? As the autumn/winter 16 season of Amazon India Fashion Week kicked off, those in attendance came to the venue in some of the best-styled looks. Creativity took over styling and we spotted some of the most thoughtfully put together ensembles. Caught midway between a fleeting winter chill and burning sun through the day, these street style stars balanced style and comfort. Here are some of the best looks spotted.
Ever since she burst on the scene in 2012, Alia Bhatt has secured an unwavering place on popularity charts owing to her candour and carefree spirit. She brings the same air of fuss-free insouciance to her personal styleserved with a side of youthful quirk, of course.
While Bhatt may be turning up the heat on our March cover, her off-duty style is more laid-back. 
 round up cues you can steal from this young guns easygoing style.
Other than letting the waves wash over your urban exhaustion, what are you most likely to do at the beach? Would you put all that core training to use and get onto a surfboard? Or would you have a riot in the shade of a cabana playing card games? Is a Negroni your poison of choice? Would you spend time reading a heart-wrenching classic, like Sofia Vergara, or go for something more upbeat like Blake Lively? And whats one fashion accessory you will invest in for your hours under the sun? We give you your celebrity-inspired summer schedule here:
What can you produce in 100 years? The people responsible for LOUIS XIII cognac take about 100 years to produce each bottle. LOUIS XIII cognac is one century in a bottle. Each decanter takes four generations of cellar masters, over 100 years to craft. A blend of up to 1,200 eauxdevie, the youngest of which is at least 40 years old.
So how does one celebrate the mastery of time that goes into the making of each bottle of LOUIS XIII? By producing a movie that you will never ever see, of course! And even if you plan to hang around for the next 100 years, you cant be sure that youll get invited to the screening!
On November 18, 2015, inspired by the century of careful attention and patience it takes to create each decanter of LOUIS XIII cognac, the brand announced an original film written by John Malkovich, which envisions earth one hundred years in the future. This film will be released in 2115.
And just to ensure that no one will ever see the movie before November 2115, nothing, and we mean nothing but time can open this safe! We wanted a safe that can be opened like never before: with nothing but time. Once the door is shut, the countdown begins and there is no way of opening it until the one hundred year countdown is complete on November 18, 2115. Since the system that could guarantee we hold our promise didnt exist, we invented it, said du Plessis.
But just because the safe wont open for another 100 years, doesnt mean that it cant travel. The safe that holds LOUIS XIII will travel from LA to Tokyo through Hong Kong, London, Dubai and others cities, before coming back to LOUIS XIII cellars in Cognac, for a century, concludes Ludovic du Plessis.
Starring John Malkovich and directed by Robert Rodriguez, 
, is held in a special safe that will open automatically on November 18, 2115.
LOUIS XIII cognac was created in 1874. Each decanter takes four generations of cellar masters over 100 years to craft. Its grapes grow in the chalky soils of Grande Champagne, the most sought-after area of the Cognac region, in France. It is an intricate alchemy of up to 1200 eauxdevie, the youngest of which is at least 40-years-old. The unique blend evokes tasting notes and scents of myrrh, honey, immortelle, plum, honeysuckle, wood bark, leather and passion fruits. LOUIS XIII cognac is the ultimate expression of the mastery of time.

If theres one thing a shopping whiz is known to do, its thinking ahead. 
 makes the job easier with these 20 cues for the coming season:
